Sea otters hold hands when they sleep to keep from drifting apart.
Cows have best friends.
Turtles can breathe through their butts
Squirrels plant thousands of new trees each year simply by forgetting where they put their acorns.
Norway knighted a penguin, his name is Sir Nils Olav.
Rats laugh when tickled.
The voices of Mickey and Minnie Mouse were married in real life.
Rabbit agility jumping, or in Swedish 'Kaninhoppning' were started in Sweden in the late 90s, and competitions are held worldwide.
A study measuring the effects of music found that cows produce more milk when listening to soothing music. They produce the most when listening to R.E.M's 'Everybody Hurts'
Google, the periodic table, the structure of our DNA, and 'Yesterday' by the Beatles are all ideas that were conceived in dreams.
Sea otters hold hands when they are sleeping.
Crows like to give presents.
Astronaut Eugene Cernan wrote his daughter's initials on the moon.
There is a basketball court on top of the United States Supreme Court building.
Squirrels will adopt other squirrel babies if they are in need.
Just like humans, goats have accents which will depend on the location in which they were raised.
Dogs feel safe when they smell their humans.
Dogs sneeze to show that they are play-fighting.
Honey bees can hold hands, they have little hooks which they link together, oftentimes when they are sleeping.
In the Netherlands, the town of Weesp has a small village called Hogeweyk specifically designed to help those suffering from dementia.
In Japan, there are a series of 'animal islands', including Ookuno (Rabbit) Island which is home to over 900 wild rabbits.
Ducks shake their tails when they are happy.
A town in Alaska had a cat as a mayor named Mr. Stubbs who not only served as honorary mayor for 17 years, but lived until he was 20.
Positive thoughts can change the structure of the brain to disrupt negative thinking patterns.
The 'Broaden and Build' theory suggests that positive thoughts can actually improve your ability to do your job.
Positive thinking can help you learn things faster, as it broadens your perspective and allows you to be more receptive to things.
One study showed that writing about positivity could lead to better physical health.
Positivity can lower your blood pressure and increase cardiovascular health.
The large dust cloud at the center of our Milky Way smells like raspberries.
Sheep can tell the difference between happy and sad faces, even on humans, and are more likely to approach happy looking people.
Nikola Tesla was severely ill while at school and credits Mark Twain's books for his recovery. Later, they would become best friends.
Sometimes polar bears rub noses to communicate, particularly when asking for a favor.
Octopuses take care of underwater gardens.
At a cat cafe in brooklyn, rats and rescue cats co-habitat. The rats have been found to care for the sick or orphaned cats.
Shakespeare used to call hedgehogs 'hedgepigs'.
Bob Ross did the show 'The Joy of Painting' completely for free, all his income came from his own company selling how-to videos and paint supplies.
A wild turkey that terrorized a Wisconsin town became a beloved figure and was adopted as their unofficial mayor.
Disney used to have a hotline kids could call if they wanted to hear Mickey, Minnie, Goofy, Donald or Daisy wish them goodnight.
Looking at cute things actually improves your focus.
More than half of Sweden is covered in forests.
Around 90 percent of Stockholm's metro stations have been decorated, resembling one large underground art gallery.
Kiruna, Sweden houses the largest model of the solar system, at a scale of 1 to 20 million and spanning 300 km.
The first patients to be treated with a pioneering leukemia therapy are still in remission after 11 years.
A butterfly that disappeared from England in 1976 has established a stable population in Northamptonshire.
A blind eel that was found living in the grounds of a school for blind children is among the new species that scientists introduced to the world.
Iceland has now banned commercial whaling.
Within a few hours of a revolutionary operation, three paralyzed patients could stand, and their mobility improved to walking, kicking their legs and even jumping over the course of the next several months.
A long-term global study found that a promising immunotherapy breast cancer drug called keytruda could save thousands of lives. In women who have triple-negative breast cancer, a particularly aggressive form of the disease, scientists found that the drug could help to stop it from returning.
Chimpanzees have been observed helping other wounded chimpanzees in the wild.
The 532-acre forest was a sacred place for indigenous Americans, and has been returned to the Pomo people. The forest will also revert to its original name Tc' ih Leh Dun, meaning 'Fish Run Place' in the Sinkyone language.
Snails take the longest naps with some lasting as long as three years.